[Music]
game one there's always jitters and
everything feels
you know sort of magnified and our
players felt it yesterday you know media
day
that was unlike anything a lot of them
had ever felt
one is that the nba's golden standard
for a decade the other is the game's
original monarchy they will make the
next chapter of nba history together
here we go everybody down everybody down
first group pause
dream come true
[Music]
welcome to chase center in san francisco
after two years away from the finals the
golden state warriors are back and they
will host the boston celtics a rematch
from 1964
two of the original franchises in the
nba getting set to play for the hillary
o'brien trophy
celtics as proud as they are as a
dynasty with a rich history they're
newcomers
and when we think of this era we think
of the warriors first
this is their time they are the dynasty
right now
i think it's only right that we have the
top two defensive teams here in the
finals
you know better than this everybody
watching
everybody
we're the number one defense team and
i'm leading the way
we're here for a reason and
we finally got here and it took us this
long but we got an opportunity
[Applause]
let's go baby come on
come on
it's time
[Music]
[Applause]
number 30 is back in the finals
they're just loading up and playing too
slow down here too much freedom for them
guys they're just moving around too easy
limit them to one shot and get out
and he's blocked at the rim by jaylen
brown a great catch by looney and a
better defensive played by jaylen brown
brown blocks the shot on one end it gets
up runs the floor think about the heaven
height in transition to brown with a
head of steam and says it with his chest
at the other end hey we only down three
yeah we good
mark is smart defensive player of the
year
we can't start back you have to start up
especially if they're setting it so high
you start up and drop
come on jamie and you jay switch
switching switching switching
[Applause]
and off on the far sideline jordan pull
again by marcus martin reaches in just
rips the ball away
boston defense showing why they were
rated number
rips it one out to spark the shot clock
buzzer he gets a long jumper away and he
hits it it's a two with his feet on the
line and marcus smart saves the
possession
and there comes the celtics keep going
keep going
hard on the drive got it and the celtics
ever lock in defensively they turn a
10-point deficit into a two-point
halftime lead
too cute too comfortable early great
second half defense will be like you can
move it on offense here we go win on
three one two three
[Music]
give me credit they're making shot after
shot up yourself but we gotta respond
right now in a stop all right
and we play with some more force than
they do
[Applause]
head over heels with the bucket and the
warriors are up fighting on
a
frenzied and frenetic third quarter
this fake drives by wiggins feeds inside
spark goes up blocked by ludi
this is starting to feel like those
patented
warriors third quarters during that
dynastic run in the corner to iguodala
pulls the three
and the warriors will take a 12 point
lead
to the fourth quarter
[Applause]
limit them to one side get out and run
that team shouldn't do that to us we're
the bigger more physical team
going to pull up two to three right over
him and hit it
[Music]
paul williams caught a body underneath
and the celtics have answered with some
haymakers of their own 18 threes for
golden state 16 for boston
wild comeback here for the celtics
so happy to be back in boston
the second tour with the celtics his
leadership his presence
back to horford for the lead
boston up by three
al horford in his first nba finals
horford
[Applause]
[Music]
the celtics are 12 of 16 in the fourth
quarter
al horford has been brilliant in game
one
[Music]
[Applause]
in the nba finals and come from 15 down
to score a stunning double-digit
historic win in game number one
uh you know this is the kind of stage
the moments we want to be in
we're going to stay solid continue to
fight and you know that's what we did
first one
that's big that's the way we responded
that's how the series is gonna go we
played against a really good team who's
been here who understands what energy
has to do with it we can't like that we
gotta do what we did every night one
game to the next one game at a time
it's just nothing to panic about
first team to win four games not the
first to run one so we've always
embraced challenges it's no different
we've embraced this one
how's the og man he puts in the work
don't nobody deserve to be here more
than him we knew that was only a matter
of time for him to have a big game but
that's what he does it's what he's been
doing
and
you know he's been that catalyst for us
this whole year
winning the championship in the finals
far from over right it's just one game
and we got to be ready for them to
respond
it's been a lot of doom and gloom this
morning
a lot of people pointing the finger at
multiple players
but the celtics are for real and it's
going to be a tough
grind dog fight to try to beat this team
in seven games warriors got work to do
if they want to win these other guys got
to step up as well
how are you gonna free clay up don't
know that's an answer for steve kerr
company
we wanna be aggressive but we wanna be
forceful with our actions you gotta you
gotta be sharp with your cuts and your
slips force and aggression
and confidence like let's let that thing
go
a lot of nerves
felt some jello in my legs
i haven't felt that feeling in years
[Applause]
but the beauty of this it's a seven game
series
it's a hard l to take but we're not
gonna be discouraged easily
[Music]
[Applause]
the path of the nba title is full of
magnificent highs combined with moments
of despair and doubt
the warriors currently find themselves
in the position of questioning their
title chase
on the other side the boston celtics see
themselves as the latest pedigree of a
long championship tradition
welcome to game two
the warriors don't want to go to boston
down two games tonight
we know what we're gonna do
bring the right approach everybody dig
deep let's get it done one two three
[Applause]
we are set to go game two is underway
boston wins the opening toss
[Applause]
the rebound he uploads to jalen brown
he's going to take a quick three and hit
it
and the celtics score eight straight
quickly
brown with the show and go through the
contact and one
jalen brown sizzling to begin this game
a little over anxious like we're running
through the closeouts too much we've run
three or four guys off the line where
they've gotten into the paints we want
to close out hard but stay in front
and then at the other end the
execution's gonna come
sends it out to curry
side steps to his left shoots the three
and hits his first of game two
seven seconds to go for curry on richard
nice hedging
hurry in his bag
[Applause]
derrick white at the rim and he comes up
with the ball
has had a couple of fantastic defensive
plays keep playing keep playing be
strong with the ball come on man we're
good let's go
tatum for three
man he is on fire here in the first half
inside the table tatum turns at the
elbow tough shot on peyton is good
that's a big time bucket for jason tatum
the lead going back and forth
keep up the energy and everything's
going to start to fall in place all
right
curry guarded by horford the warriors
spread the floor letting him go smart
and help position curry no way back to
wickets for a
feed by curry
[Applause]
the buzzer sounds the half is over
it's only the first half
more fun to come
these fans are incredible they're loud
you know i'm saying they uh
it really energized their team so i'm
gonna sit back a lot
the force of the energy is fantastic
that's the whole key against these guys
we gotta get their defense to move and
then all you guys can attack the rim at
that point without florida clay play
great hesitation
and thompson scores
the warriors looking like they're
starting to put together one of those
patented prolific third quarters
[Applause]
[Music]
pool cool crosses half court fakes and
fires from half court on the way
[Applause]
with an exclamation point
give freddie the warriors have responded
they have
outworked the boston celtics in this
game tonight
and we go
to boston all tied at one this series
has a real chance to be a classic
[Applause]
world
jeff was breathtaking
guy's amazing it's a pleasure to watch
him play every night
good job
we must win game we knew that
our way back into the series give us
some life
now we get to uh take the show on the
road and try to go win one in boston we
have to so
it's a good night
from the start of the game we have our
opportunities
you got to play a little bit smarter
there
tougher overall
mentally
keep your heads up let's get home and
get it
[Music]
how much did the warriors raise their
level of physicality from game one to
game two and were you guys expecting
that you know we're gonna do what we do
focus on us and um we just didn't get it
done tonight
we'll be better at home game three i
can't wait to get to the garden it's
gonna be rocking on wednesday
definitely bleed green that's what we're
about we believe in each other it's not
a team we're a lifestyle we got faith we
got energy and confidence so i believe
in them
you can always look at history every
time you set foot in the garden we've
been waiting 12 years for this moment so
it's finally good to have boston celtics
represent us in the finals again 12
years in the making we gotta get this
done let's go
this is our house and we gotta protect
it
for us it's just to keep
this fighting
a stage where you got to be willing to
risk it all out there for your team and
for the victory
so that's the mindset we have but we got
to go out there and execute it
i'm jaylen brown i can't wait to see the
finals one day i want to be in the same
situation as this guy
i'm watching steph curry warm up i'm
watching hundreds without the warm up
right now i feel kind of excited
that young guy didn't know
all the things that was waiting on the
other side for him but he wasn't scared
he embraced every challenge he didn't
back down
now
he's here
we welcome you to boston 12 years since
the last time the finals came to td
garden the warriors and the celtics game
three of the nba finals
great energy
so excited about it i know they're gonna
be they're gonna be ready for us and
we're gonna be ready for them
once you play the team multiple times
they know what you want to do so to be
able to do it anyway and be focused and
be successful at it it's kind of that
mental approach
let's go fellas let that energy carry
you yeah at home to protect your own
corpse come out let's breathe let's not
be over excited to do what we do best
make the right plays trust each other
and let's guard our asses
on three one two three together
two great teams playing against each
other it should be a great fight you
know a great battle
whenever you win the championship as
part of the boston celtics there's
nothing like it and your life is never
the same again
and this crowd this community this scene
over the top is what we live for
[Applause]
round catches
[Music]
i love the intensity and the spots in
which jalen brown is playing with on
both sides of the floor
[Applause]
[Music]
i just think everything jalen brown has
done on the offensive end has been good
final minute six of the first quarter
jalen
he's got 17
first quarter points
so the selfish lead by 11 at the end of
one hang with it right now
because it's a long long game and we're
going to settle in
[Music]
place outfits dribbles middle shoots
over grant williams off the dribble
switch
he's hit three in a row
and that is such a welcome sight for the
warriors
curry catches up top guarded by tatum
[Music]
[Applause]
going back the other way we're good
draymond ahead to wing it's bad pass
deflected down by horford steals it
throws it ahead to tatum
[Applause]
[Music]
and at halftime 68-56
the boston celtics led by jalen brown 22
points
regain our focus right regain our focus
right now we know we can get back in the
game quickly get off to a good start
curry pulls up off the screen shoots the
three got fouled by hartford that's good
he's gonna go with alive and a chance
for a four-point play
and the problem is helping you've given
life to this gloria offense
porter launches a contest
a seven point possession for the golden
state warriors
it's a two-point game
[Applause]
another third quarter avalanche for the
golden state warriors
like we always say they made the run go
out there let's make ours
[Applause]
contain them take over down the stretch
dribbling right hand left hand between
the legs trying to shake off wiggins
puts it in the right hand drives puts it
high off the window at it
jason tatum performing like a superstar
native drives inside
[Applause]
fourth quarter points for jayson tatum
who's up to 26. six more minutes give me
all you got press tomorrow
six more minutes
he is leaving it all in between these
lines
biggest game of his career and he has
come up huge
over the drive throws it up and williams
throws
we're getting a standing ovation
here at the sold out td garden
first finals game in this building in 12
years
and we'll get a rousing
celtics take game three they're two wins
away from the title
good win but you know it's far from
hoping we're halfway there we're gonna
need even more so
celebrate tonight but get right back to
work
what's batman there tonight chaos just
like we knew it was going to be
no better way right there
they reported when they hit the breeze
didn't overreact that's the main thing
what's the challenge now
we bounce back after losses but we're in
the same heat
so we're looking forward to that two
days double job enjoy it get ready
[Applause]
our fans give us so much energy and so
much juice let's go
let's go
before the game even started you could
feel
the energy throughout the building
it was great to get a win for them
[Applause]
our team is
in a position to do something special
when we went as a team now it feels even
better and tonight was a great team win
for us
[Music]
the nba insider brian scalabrine is here
with us
golden state warriors have
deep deep embedded history of they're
back against the wall they come up big
they can handle adversity
warriors get that they've been there the
celtics
and they have to understand in the nba
finals there's no room for errors
we've been in hostile environments
before
we understand what the emotions are like
i think we need to
come out with that force that warriors
brandon ball that
has been so successful this past decade
[Music]
he's meant so much for our team
the whole bay area
he's the reason when things were bad
that we still felt like we just got to
keep working we're going to figure out
because we still have steph curry
trailing two games to one the golden
state warriors are facing adversity not
for the first time but it might be the
most important time in their dynastic
era
tyler series up going back home
take control of the series again
huge game got to get it done
i look up to steph he's like my big
brother he inspires me and when i see
him going so hard i want to follow
to be out here with in our six finals
together it's
something i could never honestly dreamt
of when i was a rookie and he was in his
third year
he is the head of the snake
he is the guy who we follow who we all
look to
you know having him as a teammate is
incredible having him as a brother
is even more special
[Music]
[Applause]
we're still really hungry we want more
we're not satisfied with what we've done
we still think we have many chapters to
write to our story
and game four of the nba finals underway
on the parquet floor at td gardens
now start strong down to left side kick
out to the far corner marcus smart
attack scoring diagonal pick out tatum
pretty good look
[Music]
[Applause]
off the glass
[Music]
another long distance shot
[Applause]
it's good steph curry five-point lead
for the warriors
curry says hey we are here to play
there has been some terrific intensity
here in this first half as you would
expect in a game four of the finals
big hustle
for jason tatum the face of this
franchise and he gets a standing ovation
here at td garden
[Music]
through
quite an impressive response by the
boston celtics there was a level of
desperation and intensity steph curry
with 19 points but the celtics have the
advantage at the break
doing a lot of great stuff we've got to
push in every chance we get the
foundation for what we need to do is
already there you guys established
[Music]
he's absolutely special he is a unique
individual and a gifted talent
curry fires away the three balls good
top of the key oh my goodness
[Music]
love the energy
energy's good oh this is good your push
is great
keep going keep going
all eyes on number 30.
[Music]
oh steph curry from way downtown 33 for
steph curry and golden state back up by
one
the man is greatness personified
and the moment has arrived for the
celtics to be tested
[Applause]
and the celtics have regained control
regained the lead and certainly regained
momentum
one more one more keep moving it one
more pass each time
hurry brings it up curry looking for
that opening sees thompson thompson
fires a three
play thompson from downtown and the
warriors go up by one
hurry face
spock nearly takes it away steph curry
dancing
nine to shoot curry to his left now is
robert williams curry with a left-hand
dribble curry with a floater from the
high post buries it steph curry putting
the warriors up three
what we are witnessing is a heroic
stephen curry performance
back to curry step back three-pointer
steph curry drills the three
43-point game four for steph curry just
absolutely brilliant performance
champs don't go away easy they know what
it is to be down and they responded
beautifully
the golden state warriors have even the
series at two a gutsy win on the road in
boston
is the brilliance of steph curry on full
display
[Applause]
[Music]
by any means necessary baby
back at the series
[Applause]
you should definitely enjoy this but
know this
these last three games to get two or
three games that's it
same force same energy same competitive
spirit but you can't have a letter
because this team's gonna come right
back at us
in the art of competition we trying as
hard as we can but i give them credit
they're a great team
it's kind of the beauty of it that is it
it's not gonna be easy and it shouldn't
be
you know we both want it and you know we
gotta go take it
hey see pops over here
shout out steph curry man what a
performance my goodness this guy is the
only greatest to ever run that point
position my goodness
now let's go home and protect home court
that would be nice
that'll be nice
it means everything knowing the sense of
urgency we had to have tonight
we feed off of that energy and that fire
and that fire was
me just trying to show that we're here
[Music]
what i've found is you go to the finals
and you just lock in on the next game
whichever team executes better and plays
with more force over the seven games
assuming the teams are evenly matched
like they are in this series
that's the team that's gonna win
the celtics and the warriors the 2022
finals it could not be more even each
team with a home win and a road win each
team scoring 105 points a game each team
with 64 made threes something's gotta
give in the pivotal game five
yes sir back at home
nice to get this one take control of the
series
see what happens
boston 7-0 following a loss in these
playoffs bouncing back as a way of life
coming off that loss
instead of separating we got to be even
closer together
it's not going to be the same every game
you know they're going to make
adjustments you're going to make
adjustments to their adjustments and
most is three games left so leave it all
out there
one of these teams is leaving tonight a
win away from an nba championship
when it comes to the exit of those i
don't think i've ever went into a game
and i felt like the opposing team was
more prepared than we were
and i think that is a testament to coach
kerr and his coaching ability
steve kerr once again
has shown us adjustments sometimes could
be a mind game versus a physical game
because he understands his trust like
michael jordan had trusted him
hands back jordan here's six on the shot
jordan keeps it dribble jordan finds
george hits kerr
my experience as a player definitely
helped me prepare to to coach a team in
the finals because i know what these
guys are feeling
this guy like 25 years ago tonight he
hit the shot
[Applause]
he's won all these rings he has all this
all this cachet that stuff does matter
it does worry me it's a celtic thing
[Applause]
green brings to the table
energy effort
sacrificing his body
let's go drake great start
offensively we're playing too soft
basically trying to be more physical
we're four for 11 in the paint we talked
about the floating shot client go up
strong finish
shot clock down to five little runner in
the lane perfect
in front of it smart goes right
for marcus smart
marcus smart muscles him no luck
austin took an early punch now fighting
back well
rob williams off the window and in
eight straight for the celtics
remember there's gonna be ups and downs
the whole game right keep defending
without fouling make them score over the
top of you you just keep playing you
keep doing what you're doing holding his
ground with the shot clock at seven
shoots over him wiggers blocked it
looking finds brown brown gets inside
blocked by green got a piece of it
boy we are seeing some tough physical
defense here in the first half
struck me on the backboard payton with a
pickpocket
he stole that pass and got it up to
curry the front court
wiggins his confidence continues to soar
step to a cutting wiggins to lay it in
and that will end the first half
the golden state defense holding boston
to 39 points
[Music]
[Applause]
that's how the game works right like if
you move it you trust each other
all of a sudden the avalanche starts to
roll and that's how we're going to beat
this team
the defense you guys have man you can't
let up on that defense in the forest is
there
can you trust each other and move it and
go from good to great that's what's
going to determine how
we get this done
communicate reach good shape generate a
little more office drive the kick jtj
venice best of youtube
keep being aggressive
team left-hand dribble steps to his left
three in the air he's on top to tatum a
three-pointer on its way and good
we've talked about what a great third
quarter team the warriors have been but
right here to start out
the celtics have absolutely been more
forceful another three
this fourth three-pointer he's got 22.
last baseline whips it all the way out
to a wide open now horford
for three and the celtics take the lead
first lead of the night for boston eight
straight three-pointers
a boston rampage of boston trampling out
of the locker room
reversing the third quarter narrative
we're going to meet force with force
let's take this game right now they're
hell of a team they're on a run it's our
turn to take a run they're coming after
us let's come after them too
closing cornerstone
the draymond express into the front
court to payton delaney
[Applause]
second time in these finals jordan poole
beats the third quarter clock with a
desperation three
28 footer from jordan pool gives the
warriors the one point lead at the end
of three
i want you to shoot the ball with
confidence down here we're getting good
looks playing with force and energy it's
great stuff they're really good
individually we can't beat them
individually every time so get it moving
and trust each other
the championship dna shows up when it's
needed most but they still know what it
takes to win
all those experiences and have them
ready for these type of moments in these
type of games
play get some space open three got it
[Applause]
he's just doing absolutely everything
he's drawn the assignment of tatum what
tremendous oddball defense you can't do
it any better
he's boarded it he's made shots
[Applause]
wiggins the baby right hooked again
he did it over robert williams
how about this guy your fella has gotten
this opportunity and has taken full
advantage of it
the celtics are hanging by threat right
now
is not how you drive is how you arrive
there goes that back
andrew wiggins
what a fourth quarter wiggins down the
lane rises and famous
explanation points from manager wiggins
wiggins has been brilliant with 42
minutes of play 26 points 13 rebounds
golden state warriors are one win away
from getting back on that championship
throw
a spectacular performance from andrew
playing big wiggins basketball it's not
really much else to say
what's up mike i'm talking about wings
right now
i'm talking about your dad right now
telling me playing big boy basketball
right
that's right
big boy basketball he's stepping up to
the challenge that's huge needed for one
more
big win got the momentum of 3-2 right
now we got to find a way to go get one
more big win on the road
he's definitely confident he's
definitely enjoying the playoffs
he's found such a crucial role on our
team and i think that empowers him he
knows how much we need him i had to take
home now it's all getting on the road
i'm just trying to win
no matter what it takes whatever they
need for me i'm just i'm here to help
when
doesn't get bigger than this this is the
ultimate stage
i did it with my brothers
manifested a dream and a
and a goal out of nothing when she
started the season
means the world shout out to dub nation
for riding with us every single step of
the way
it's a true dynasty right now you know
four out of the last eight
and i finally got one of these bad boys
[Music]
[Applause]
the warrior celtics game six of the
finals is the larry o'brien trophy given
out tonight or packed up and heading to
san francisco for a game seven
let's play together let's play free
let's play fast and someone will be
about man together on three one two
three
if the warriors can win this game to
have a fourth championship in eight
years you're talking about rarefied air
there there's only a handful of teams
that really are in that kind of
conversation
48 minutes of being great we all got to
be perfect we got to be great focus
discipline effort we do it together just
says one two three
we've never seen a dynasty bottom out
for two years and come right back up to
the top
i think they will stand alone on an
eight-year period that might be
unmatched in nba history
[Music]
these boston celtics the most important
nba game of their career so far
david brown trying to shake off porter
pulls up at 18
[Applause]
good starts for both tatum
that's the boston start here in game six
four minutes in
he's got to weather the storm you guys
know it's a long long game and trust
that over the course of the 48 we're
gonna make him wear down
dream on an open three he got it
[Applause]
curry had 43 the last time he's in this
building drop it off to payton right
baseline back to step three on the way
side is good what a turnaround here in
the first quarter
[Applause]
[Music]
three pointer missed it draymond green
another rebound kicks it back out
draymond green is making plays all over
the spot
[Applause]
back out to jordan reload three and he
got it
stay locked in defend like crazy down
here stay on guard over and over again
don't lose focus
peyton knocked it away from taylor
brought another celtic turnover push
ahead to pull
[Music]
pull pushes finds wagons
and the celtics need another timeout
golden state scored 21 in a row
the 21-0 run
going back to the first that's the
longest in an nba finals in the past 50
years
that was deflected
that was a great
absolutely 100 pass
yeah a nice little touch pass he knew
exactly what was happening
[Applause]
hesitation now drives gets inside from
behind oh what a rejection from williams
harford the other way to tatum
here comes tatum tatum the euro stepped
away
austin bounces back
golden state's lead is eight and steve
kerr is forced to call a timeout
lock in now lock in the game's connected
right keep the ball moving make them
work down there they'll be tired down
here let's go let's go keep the pressure
on them
[Applause]
hands off to curry
he's working so hard just to get any
kind of daylight
steph with a right hand runner in the
lane is good
you can tell this warrior basketball
team has been here before he sensed the
moment and they are fighting
[Applause]
[Music]
so it's a 15 point advantage at the half
54 39 warriors in a potential close out
for the dubs
plenty of game left plenty of time but
turn it up right from the start i'll let
you back in the game because they're
going to keep playing the same way
season's on the line now let's see what
we got in the second half let's go
one play after the next keep executing
you guys
[Applause]
hides behind draymond three on the way
good for hurry
curry left wing three walked into it
[Music]
perfect
boston's got to take time
steph curry from way downtown some curry
chaos here on the third
72-50 and the biggest lead of the
[Applause]
and flooring night to get on a run here
he's got it against draymond green lava
the inside caught by horford turns
muscles it up
[Applause]
[Music]
it's an eight point game
everybody on this floor is absolutely
exhausted on both sides of the ball
they're pouring their hearts out in this
game
possession by possession stay locked in
play with force
[Music]
hurry against pass him inside off the
glass again
[Applause]
[Music]
barry
fakes fires three-pointer
[Music]
[Applause]
curry
[Music]
celtic fans starting their applause
for their starters
who gave them an unbelievable run
but it will end in
[Applause]
[Music]
the disappointment just pouring out
it might be his fourth but it means so
much
all the sacrifice all the work
[Music]
let the celebration begin
with four titles in the last eight years
the run is not done
the golden state warriors once again
are nba champions in 2022
oh
[Applause]
the message was
you know it's gonna hurt and it'll hurt
for a while and let it propel us forward
you know the foundation's been said take
this experience and see there is another
level to get to and don't come back the
same
the golden state warriors four
championships in eight years
back on top of the nba once more
play just be here for a fourth time on
top come on man i'm gonna soak this up
tonight i'm not going to sleep
overcoming a lot of adversity as a team
individually and collectively
they deserve to take them out
the 2022 phil russell nba finals mvp
award goes to stefan curry
steph
ultimately is
why this run has happened i'm happy for
everybody but i'm thrilled for steph to
me this is his crowning achievement and
what's already been an incredible career
curry thompson green iguodala and of
course steve kerr all win their fourth
nba title with these warriors
is third and then you have the veterans
like wiggins and porter and lee and
payton getting there first
this amazing feel it's been a long year
a lot of ups and downs we're back on top
though the warriors back on top
[Applause]
let's go
bring the floaties bring the diving
boards bring the
the life jackets
there's nothing like the finals nothing
like it come on
[Applause]
you know that's all i can say
you know we worked hard this whole year
you know now each other
come on
the journey back to this world
it's unbelievable we stuck together we
believe
we got it done and most importantly
we will be back
when you reach the narrow title and then
you get punched in the face with all
type of
injuries and bad breaks and
all that stuff
but goals seem so far away
when you just focus on the present work
get around the right google guys
still keep that faith
seven years ago to the day we got our
first one
and now we got four
[Music]
you